bug-1898268: Some updates to the docs for signature generation changes. (#6624)
mozilla-services/socorro: socorro/signature/README.rst

    $ socorro-cmd fetch_crashids --num=10 | socorro-cmd signature

>   (Note that ``fetch_crashids`` defaults to ``--product=Firefox``.)

Reviewer: reStructuredText and Sphinx have a note directive.

```suggestion
  .. Note::

     ``fetch_crashids`` defaults to Firefox. If you want a different product, use the ``--product`` argument.
     See ``socorro-cmd fetch_crashids --help`` for options.
```

Pretty sure that'll work inside the list correctly.
